Hahahahaha
You what me
I'm begging you
Hahahaha
Yellow mouth child, you really want to make us laugh to death
You think you think I usually run with that old man
Dare to underestimate us
Shady Hall
Unaware of life and death
Come on
Give him to me
Ruin me by them
How did he get there?
The mentor underestimated you
You wait for me.
Threatening me today?
I have a surprise for you.
Call everyone you can
I'd like to see how much power the Black Martial Hall has
Lu Xuan, don't be impulsive
This has nothing to do with you, go away
Where is he going?
Raised black rice pond
fulfill you
Summon the 500 Brothers of Shady Hall
Go to Changhe Hospital quickly
Today, I will let you know
I give you candy, what price do you have to cry for?
We'll talk about our business when your people come
Let's talk now.
Our business
What are you doing?
Brother Biao